Added json.md - Serialization part (#1083)
opensearch-project/opensearch-java: guides/json.md

- [Working with Json](#working-with-json)
  - [Serialization](#serialization)

>     - [Using toJsonString method](#using-tojsonstring-method)

Reviewer: Using `toJsonString` (quote, remove method)

Reviewer: Update TOC to match body.

>     - [Manual serialization](#manually-serialize-by-providing-mapper-and-generator)

Reviewer: Capitalize sections consistently, so "Manual Serialization"

 

# Working with Json

> OpenSearch Java client seamlessly integrate with JSON providing serialization and deserialization capability.

Reviewer: integrates

, providing

## Serialization

For demonstration let's consider an instance of `SearchRequest`.

```java

> public static void main(final String[] args) {

Reviewer: remove main, keep the body of it

  SearchRequest searchRequest = SearchRequest.of(
          request -> request.index("index1", "index2")
                  .aggregations(Collections.emptyMap())
                  .terminateAfter(5L)
                  .query(q -> q.match(t -> t.field("name").query(FieldValue.of("OpenSearch"))))
  );
}

```
### Using toJsonString method
For classes implementing `PlainJsonSerializable`, which extends `JsonpSerializable`, a default `toJsonString` method is provided. 

> This method utilizes the default mapper and generator from the JsonpUtils class within the package to streamline the serialization process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This implementation uses `jakarta.json.spi.JsonProvider` SPI to discover the available JSON provider instance from the classpath and to create a new mapper. The `JsonpUtils` utility class streamlines this serialization process.
```

from the classpath and to create a new mapper. The `JsonpUtils` utility class streamlines this serialization process.
The following code example demonstrates how to use the `toJsonString` method to serialize objects:

```java
String requestString = searchRequest.toJsonString();
```

### Manually serialize by providing mapper and generator
For classes implementing the `JsonpSerializable` interface, a serialize method is provided, which takes a mapper and a generator 
as arguments and returns the JSON string representation of the instance.

The following sample code demonstrates how to serialize an instance of a Java class:

```java
private String toJson(JsonpSerializable object) {
  try (StringWriter writer = new StringWriter()) {
    JsonbJsonpMapper mapper = new JsonbJsonpMapper();
    try (JsonGenerator generator = mapper.jsonProvider().createGenerator(writer)) {
      serialize(generator, mapper);
    }
    return writer.toString();
  } catch (IOException ex) {
    throw new UncheckedIOException(ex);
  }
}

```

> 

Reviewer: Remove extra lines.
